Unknown Speaker  0:00  
first guest tonight is a very talented actor who, like a lot of vampires turned into a bat he plays the world's greatest detective. In the highly anticipated new movie The Batman it opens exclusively in theaters and IMAX March 4 Please say hello to Robert Pattinson.

Unknown Speaker  0:35  
Now I'm just right off the bat, I have a question about what you're wearing. Did you think to yourself, I'm Batman now. I can't wear like some like turquoise thing or whatever. I have to dress in black. So

Unknown Speaker  0:46  
I was trying to be serious.

Unknown Speaker  0:47  
Uh huh. Right. He's

Unknown Speaker  0:48  
slightly cool. Don't say anything.

Unknown Speaker  0:52  
I saw the movie last night. I'm going to begin by saying you are an excellent Batman. I know you. Have a Batman? You are a really good Batman. Thank you. And I and you know what? I was thinking about this too. There's nothing worse than being a bad Batman. I mean, if you're a bad Batman, there's no bigger disaster than that. Is there? No,

Unknown Speaker  1:15  
that's what everyone keeps telling me that, you know, if all fails, you've still been part of something really special. And I don't want to be the worst one. If I that's what I get. Remember

Unknown Speaker  1:25  
what maniac said that to you that says the worst thing you could say to anybody,

Unknown Speaker  1:29  
especially that the week before the release?

Unknown Speaker  1:34  
Have you seen the movie in its entirety?

Unknown Speaker  1:36  
I saw it three days ago? Yeah. Good. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:38  
Were you nervous going in?

Unknown Speaker  1:40  
I was absolutely terrified. I haven't been scared to release a movie in such a long time and haven't released the movie.

Unknown Speaker  1:46  
At what point during the film. Did you breathe a sigh of relief? Was it right away? Did it take you to the end? How did that go?

Unknown Speaker  1:54  
Yeah, I mean, I'd seen the first 90 minutes by myself in an IMAX before and I knew that the first 90 minutes was great. But I've kind of gotten into this habit where I kind of realized I need to be in the perfect balance of serotonin to watch my own stuff. And like so I need to kind of I need to work out for two hours before I need to have an enormous amount of sugar and caffeine. And so like whatever I'm watching, I'm like, Yes. Really?

Unknown Speaker  2:20  
It's he did do that.

Unknown Speaker  2:21  
I did do that. And I watched it with the Matt Reeves, the incredible director in his family. And

Unknown Speaker  2:28  
was he looking at you the whole time during the movie to see how you reacted?

Unknown Speaker  2:32  
I'm not really sure I watched it with my girlfriends. But um, she was like, it was really her reaction that kind of changed the entire thing, because I'm pretty sure she's not normally into watching kind of superhero, these kind of movies. Yeah. And just seeing that I could catch this capturing her attention the entire time. And then actually just held my hand and just touched it right there. And I could feel a little tear. And I was like, No way.

Unknown Speaker  2:55  
And then when she and then after the movie where she just all over you superset stuff from Batman

Unknown Speaker  3:08  
How did it come to be that you? You were played Batman? Was this your idea? Was this something you were reached out about? Or did they reach out to you?

Unknown Speaker  3:19  
Strange I kind of I just had this strange feeling. But no one really knew what the status of it was. And 2018. And I met downclock, the producer about some other stuff. And I knew I saw in his IMDb that that was just kind of rumored Batman involvement. And I just was the last thing I said in the meeting. I'm like, What's going on the Batman and he was just a little flicker of recognition. And I kind of thought, Hmm, that's a little, there's an opening there. And so I kind of kept pushing and pushing and then eventually met Matt Reeves and loved him. He had a really interesting take on the character. And then it's another eight months and then shot another movie and blah, blah, blah. And then three years later, it's funny.

Unknown Speaker  4:04  
I heard that when you read for the movie you were wearing Batsuit like one of the real ones from like Val Kilmer or

Unknown Speaker  4:14  
i i You try on every single one. You did see which one and every single one still has the actors kind of sweat and where are these bats? There's a little cage somewhere in Warner Brothers costume department when you walked in and they're all there that comes out with its own little guard and they're both wearing little Batman outfits as well. They were robbing half that's but they really don't care. They don't care which product they worked on. It's the same people in the costume department who worked on every single one of the Batman movies so they don't really care the cooter the directors are anything that I do not mess these suits.

Unknown Speaker  4:51  
So you put on this Batman, do you call it a costume or what? It's a proper Batsuit I can see

Unknown Speaker  4:57  
I put on I try Write on all of them. And it's kind of because it's really made, it's the size of your head. That's the defining factor. And I think I think the body fit more on Val commas on the head fit on Clunies one, okay, kind of Frankenstein it but either one didn't really fit. And you've got like three costume costume kind of workers trying to squeeze your legs into this 30 year old foam costume which is just disintegrating as you're getting into.

Unknown Speaker  5:29  
It seems like such a bad idea.

Unknown Speaker  5:31  
You know? And I and then you're boiling hot. I mean, this is before I even got the part. This is the screen test. And so you're just you're absolutely terrible nipples

Unknown Speaker  5:39  
are on this suit that you had, I guess. Many many people. Yeah, you got nipples.

Unknown Speaker  5:45  
Very prominent. And then

Unknown Speaker  5:47  
you walk you look at yourself in the mirror and go Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  5:51  
too big. lubed up and squeezed into a like,

Unknown Speaker  5:55  
I was your Batman growing up.

Unknown Speaker  5:57  
I grew up watching Adam West. Really?

Unknown Speaker  6:00  
Adam West? Yes. Because his suit. Was you'd notice it if it was because it's like pajamas, like a gray thing. And then

Unknown Speaker  6:10  
Tim Burton's one. I mean, that was the one which and Michael Keaton as well. Yeah, that was the one that kind of really captured me,

Unknown Speaker  6:17  
Did you consult with any of the previous Batman beforehand, because this is a very, it's a big deal.

Unknown Speaker  6:23  
And it's I mean, I didn't I wasn't scared to kind of ask them anything. But I bumped into Christian Bale and a lot going next year at all. And, and, and now as a kind of guess it kind of inspired him to say, you need to get the first thing you need to do in the basket is figure out a way to pee. And so when I went to the costume department, I just say First things first. I need I need a patch. I need a flat on the back. Easy access.

Unknown Speaker  6:52  
No, you did it in the back. Yeah. Yeah, about that. Yeah, that gives us a little insight into you

Unknown Speaker  7:06  
you don't be fun. You should I think I have a couple these guys phone numbers. You just start calling the other Batman and go. I'm Batman and hang up the phone. Call Ben Affleck, Batman, Batman and then hanging up and then you're like, Yeah, all right. So when we come back we're gonna look at we have a worldwide exclusive a clip from the movie that has never been seen before.

Unknown Speaker  7:30  
We'll be right back moustache the broken nose Kinsey narcotics is one of the guys that got into it with the iceberg wound using Kinsey moonlights for the penguin as a car. Batman and he's here, Robert Johnson. How long did it

Unknown Speaker  8:33  
take you to figure out the voice the Batman voice.

Unknown Speaker  8:39  
I mean, I actually found out a funny thing about it because I wanted to do a radically different thing to all the other Batman and started in a kind of, I just thought cuz everyone has this kind of graph gravelly thing. And I'm going to do the opposite. I'm going to go really whispery, and I tried to do it for the first two weeks. And it just looked absolutely atrocious. And they kept they told me to stop doing it. But then I found out from Nick who was putting me in a suit every day. That's what Christian belted begins as well. And if you listened to the first Batman Begins teaser trailer, you can hear the original voice only found this out a couple of weeks ago. And it's kind of interesting.

Unknown Speaker  9:21  
Maybe fun of Batman had like a Texas accent or something.

Unknown Speaker  9:25  
It's something that it's you can feel what it feels right. You can't like there's something you put the suit on and you have to speak in a certain way. Yeah, anything else?

Unknown Speaker  9:33  
Yeah. Right. It's like yeah, you could it's almost in a way like if you were a wrestler or something you can't underplay it. No, no, something in the way by Nirvana is in the in the movie and Dave Grohl is here tonight. He played the drums Yeah, so cool in that spot. It really really works you know? It's it's funny when when a song just nails that moment I wonder did you go out Maybe you weren't even involved in this party. Do you guys go through a bunch of songs to figure that out? I

Unknown Speaker  10:05  
think that song was I mean, one of the first things that Matt said to me he's like, he's currently sort of inspired by Kurt Cobain. And like, really, that's kind of the opposite of what my imagined Bruce Wayne to be. And it's funny, we had these kind of the first costume meetings. I wanted to go like really, really really Kurt Cobain, and kind of wanted to get like a dressing gown and kind of fluffy like Bugs Bunny Slippers for the first kind of really kind of grungy and, and yeah, that we

Unknown Speaker  10:35  
do, you can have a laugh, man. So you had a lot of bad ideas to start

Unknown Speaker  10:42  
with times. Yeah. And then

Unknown Speaker  10:48  
managed to whittle through those and figure it out.

Unknown Speaker  10:50  
It was one thing I hate sent back on the, because I was talking to Zoe Kravitz who plays Catwoman and yeah, yeah, she's great. And uh, too, yes, great. Yeah. And she was saying she's like to see the way she's moving and stuff. She's looking at these videos like big cat videos and kind of how kahar Like kind of big cats fight and stuff. So I looked up how a bat fights and and that was just one video on planet Earth. technique of a vampire bat. With a chicken in a cage. And how it fights the chicken was it flaps around the cage for like an hour, just flat bang on the cage until the chickens been scared for so long the chicken falls asleep. And then the bat sneaks into the cage and bites it on its anus.

Unknown Speaker  11:40  
I said. I said that. I've got an idea.

Unknown Speaker  11:46  
It's a different movie. But I think you should make that at some point. Where do you live now? And you know the reason I'm asking Do you know the reason I'm asking?

Unknown Speaker  11:55  
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:56  
I always seem to be quite confused about it. No, you're not confused you lie about it each time

Unknown Speaker  12:00  
I keep getting accused. It's funny because I get this kind of panic makes me kind of say I don't know what I'm saying on talk shows at all. I don't know what's coming out. I mean literally just talked about the eating bottle

Unknown Speaker  12:17  
chickens butthole you would need a batch bottle. That's ridiculous. Moving bats even have them

Unknown Speaker  12:24  
yeah, the Archer and literally Yeah, your producer told

Unknown Speaker  12:27  
me under like a bridge or something. Once and you told me you're living a hotel to hotel and are you in a home now? Do you are you in a cave?

Unknown Speaker  12:36  
I happen what yeah, I've been in London for a long time because after we shot we shot the movie in London for two years is the longest I've been in London for years and years and years which okay, then absolutely love

Unknown Speaker  12:44  
and this is true. You're telling me that he got going on with you guys. You English guys because we have a lot of now Spider Man's English. Mm hmm. That man's English Superman's English. I feel like we have a problem.

Unknown Speaker  12:59  
Yeah, I I was actually worked with Tom Holland when I did this movie called The Lost City of Z years ago. And he was I think he hadn't even been cast as spider man. And he was wearing a Spider Man outfit when I was shooting that movie. But why? And I was like, I he really manifested that part. I mean, he was very smart. I swear to God that we are in Colombia and 99% certainly wasn't

Unknown Speaker  13:27  
you see he was wearing it might have been weird or if he had been cast and he's wearing a Spider Man outfit but What's he wearing the costume was he wearing a shirt that with Spider Man on it

Unknown Speaker  13:36  
look like a proper cost? And we're like in the middle of nowhere in Colombia no one around there's no one no one witnessed this wow for me.

Unknown Speaker  13:46  
You know what? That you know what the message there is dreams do come.

Unknown Speaker  13:51  
Well, congratulations on the Batman opening in theaters and IMAX.

Unknown Speaker  14:03  
I am Tina Kim. I hope you enjoyed that video. Hit subscribe and all your dreams will come true. Assuming your dreams are to watch more YouTube videos.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
